and this is just like getting crazy like
is that what veganism has come to are
you not a real vegan unless you want to
go and beat up other vegans I don't
understand like another thing I guess
but it's just driving me crazy about
veganism is with all this drama that's
going on with durian writer and low-pass
LaBeouf yell abundance min um that is I
mean I'm not going to go into it very
much but if you haven't heard of it
lebasi L is small youtuber about besides
I am very lucky very intelligent and he
says he you know speaks about veganism
in an intelligent manner and he has
disagreed I guess with three medians
half um I guess you mean she can with a
personal choices and it know exactly
what it is but durianrider has been
threatened and she beat him up
he's also Freddie you said that he is a
pedophile and Mickey's trying to sneak
the 16 year old girls which I don't like
I don't know that there any proof of
that like you posted on Facebook groups
that I'm in there is no proof of that
and so that you're going to come to his
door and then somebody else posted
something about how they do the career
serato for diet and need to take them
that they're gonna go to this house and
they feed him up and whatever and and
this is just like getting crazy like is
that what veganism has come to are you
not a real vegan unless you want to go
and beat up other vegans I don't
understand like and even beating up
non-vegans it doesn't make sense because
our lifestyle is supposed to be about
love and compassion also kind of hide
behind that and they say all I have
compassion because I'm a vegan but if
you truly have compassion then why are
you saying that you want to like Gary
Watsky that men who eat meat should be
anally raped the most interesting thing
that you're offski has to say is
actually when he contrasts himself to
the Animal Liberation Front the a LF I
love a laugh but I don't agree with them
in being nonviolent there are at least
20 videos on this channel that mention
my own anti-violence position and the
fact that I am completely against this
movement becoming violent promoting
violence or societal violence I've
reflect on that from different angles in
different videos but it has come up at
least 20 times so let's examine yobs key
is saying the AL f does not go far
enough that they are not violent enough
for his tastes whereas someone like
Steve best endorses and only endorses
the type of violence at the AL f
promotes what does that mean the AL f
basically promotes breaking and entering
and they claim that breaking and
entering is violence against property
and property only and that it is not
violence against people and that
therefore it's morally permissible
this is amazingly shizune whether or not
you are familiar with the world of
criminal activity or the world of
political activity it's going to be in
the very near future that somebody bust
into a slaughterhouse or a vivisection
lab with guns and they tell the
slaughterhouse workers you take those
nights off those pigs threats right now
I'm going to shoot you yes it's breaking
the law breaking the law is a
significant choice I'll say more about
that a minute it does discredit you as a
political movement it does put your
members in prison I don't know any
political movement that thinks that
having people sitting in jail is a great
way to bring about social change that's
stupid I don't think anyone should be
preaching here on YouTube that anyone
should undertake a form of activism
that's going to put them in jail no
matter how ineffective you may be now
with your freedom believe me you're
going to be a much less effective agent
for social change when you're sitting in
a cage doing a sentence for breaking and
entering or for some other criminal
activity it's ridiculous but above and
beyond that as soon as you're into
breaking and entering you think nobody
gets hurt you think and on the other
hand whatever people get killed in
breaking and entering you think the
thieves planned for that no you can't
predict what's going to happen you send
people over a fence you send people
through a window to break into property
there might be someone inside that
property who pulls a gun on you now what
are you gonna do there might be inside
that property you pulls a baseball bat
on you now what are you gonna do I'm
gonna shoot you then it's just me it
doesn't only make us look crazy but also
makes penis on kind of like a cult in a
way and it makes people not question any
of these vegan leaders because they
think that well they have a huge
following so there's no way the ice and
question them or if you question you
know any time you question Gary or
freely ordering right here you always
have people that come in and say well
they have a huge following so they have
a lot of influence and they've turned a
lot of people vegan so obviously their
opinion matters more than your opinion
this is what I think should happen to
rapists even somebody who rapes a woman
in a fur coat if that ever happens I
think that his penis and his balls
should be seared off with a cuticle
remover
only then I think two skewers should be
shoved into their eye sockets and I just
think it's attracting the wrong kind of
people to the moment I can't I mean I
guess everyone should be vegan in the
end but at this point I feel like it's
attracting like the wrong people and
people who are very dogmatic so don't
give us a [ __ ] you can't you [ __ ] can
you just got to be a hard [ __ ] you just
go to harden the [ __ ] up stop blaming
your parents stop blaming anything else
and just get it [ __ ] done it's almost
like a lot of people are replacing
veganism for a dogmatic religion because
they don't feel connected to a dogmatic
religion oh if you support you know if
you don't support me bullying people
then you are an egotistical person
you're not a real vegan and I mean the
only time I've ever heard people saying
things like this is in religion where
people say if you you know are not on
Orthodox Jew you're not a real Jew so if
you're not you know free Lee's kind of
vegan then you're not a real vegan and
that kind of thing really really bothers
me and I think it's crazy and I think
that we have a real problem that we need
to address and I wish more people would
be addressing it um instead of silently
accepting it i guess i know we gonna do
it why you like me right i might be imma
take the pricing up with a lightweight
ain't no [ __ ] like me this piece is